Dashboards first 20 lines optimization (#4084)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/dashboards/open-dashboard.md

# Edit a dashboard [open-the-dashboard]

Open an existing dashboard in {{product.kibana}} to modify its visualizations, add or remove panels, adjust settings, or change filtering controls. When you have the appropriate permissions, dashboards automatically open in **Edit** mode, allowing you to make changes immediately.

## Requirements [edit-dashboard-requirements]

> To edit a dashboard, you need **Edit** permissions for the **Dashboard** feature in {{product.kibana}}.

Author: ```suggestion
To edit a dashboard, you need the **All** privilege for the **Dashboard** feature in {{product.kibana}}.
```
